fwi-1618: [insights-agent|admission] auto-create RBAC rules for OPA target-resources and admission rules (#750)
FairwindsOps/charts: stable/insights-admission/README.md

| webhookConfig.matchPolicy | string | `"Exact"` | matchPolicy for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration |
| webhookConfig.namespaceSelector | object | `{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"control-plane","operator":"DoesNotExist"}]}` | namespaceSelector for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration |
| webhookConfig.objectSelector | object | `{}` | objectSelector for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration |

> | webhookConfig.rules | list | `[]` | An array of additional rules for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration. Each requires a set of apiGroups, apiVersions, operations, resources, and a scope. Rules specified here may also be granted to the Insights OPA plugin, see also the insights-al  qgent chart values for opa. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| webhookConfig.rules | list | `[]` | An array of additional rules for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration. Each requires a set of apiGroups, apiVersions, operations, resources, and a scope. Rules specified here may also be granted to the Insights OPA plugin, see also the insights-agent chart values for opa. |
```

| webhookConfig.defaultRules | list | `[{"apiGroups":["apps"],"apiVersions":["v1","v1beta1","v1beta2"],"operations":["CREATE","UPDATE"],"resources":["daemonsets","deployments","statefulsets"],"scope":"Namespaced"},{"apiGroups":["batch"],"apiVersions":["v1","v1beta1"],"operations":["CREATE","UPDATE"],"resources":["jobs","cronjobs"],"scope":"Namespaced"},{"apiGroups":[""],"apiVersions":["v1"],"operations":["CREATE","UPDATE"],"resources":["pods","replicationcontrollers"],"scope":"Namespaced"}]` | An array of rules for commons types for the ValidatingWebhookConfiguration |

> | webhookConfig.rulesAutoRBAC | bool | `true` | AUtomatically add RBAC rules allowing get and list operations for the APIGroups and Resources supplied in rules. This *does not* impact RBAC rules added for `defaultRules`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| webhookConfig.rulesAutoRBAC | bool | `true` | Automatically add RBAC rules allowing get and list operations for the APIGroups and Resources supplied in rules. This *does not* impact RBAC rules added for `defaultRules`. |
```
